c:\users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\bin\Debug\PDFREnamer.exe.config
c:\users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\obj\Debug\PDFREnamer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\obj\Debug\PDFREnamer_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\obj\Debug\PDFREnamer_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\bin\Debug\PDFREnamer.exe
c:\users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\bin\Debug\PDFREnamer.pdb
c:\users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\obj\Debug\PDFREnamer.g.resources
c:\users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\obj\Debug\PDFREnamer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\obj\Debug\PDFREnamer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\obj\Debug\PDFREnamer.exe
c:\users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\obj\Debug\PDFREnamer.pdb
C:\Users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\bin\Debug\Ookii.Dialogs.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\bin\Debug\Ookii.Dialogs.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\obj\Debug\Interop.AcroPDFLib.dll
C:\Users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\obj\Debug\AxInterop.AcroPDFLib.dll
C:\Users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\obj\Debug\PDFREnamer.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\bin\Debug\Interop.AcroPDFLib.dll
C:\Users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\bin\Debug\AxInterop.AcroPDFLib.dll
C:\Users\joric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PDFREnamer\PDFREnamer\obj\Debug\PDFREnamer.PDFView.resources
